Using different artifact repositories in a restricted environment (#1160)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/proc_using-npm-artifact-repositories.adoc

---
title: Using npm artifact repositories
keywords:
tags: []
sidebar: che_7_docs
permalink: che-7/using-npm-artifact-repositories/
folder: che-7/end-user-guide
summary:
---

:page-liquid:

:parent-context-of-using-npm-artifact-repositories: {context}

[id="using-npm-artifact-repositories_{context}"]
= Using npm artifact repositories

:context: using-npm-artifact-repositories

> npm is usually configured through npm config, writing values to the `.npmrc` files. However, config values can also be set by environment variables beginning with `NPM_CONFIG_`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm is usually configured using the `npm config` command, writing values to the `.npmrc` files. However, configuration values can also be set by environment variables beginning with `NPM_CONFIG_`.
```

> The Javascript/Typescript plugin used in {prod} does not download any artifacts, it is enough to configure npm in the dev-machine component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Javascript/Typescript plug-in used in {prod} does not download any artifacts. It is enough to configure npm in the dev-machine component. 
```

> The environment variable for configuring the URL for the artifact repository is `NPM_CONFIG_REGISTRY`, the one for configuring the use of a certificate from a file is `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`. We would have to obtain a copy of the certificate of the npm repository server and put it inside `/project` in order to reference it in the devfile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following environment variables for configuration:

* The URL for the artifact repository: `NPM_CONFIG_REGISTRY`
* For using a certificate from a file: `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`

To be able to reference the certificate in a devfile, get a copy of the certificate of the npm repository server and put it inside the `/project` folder. 
```

> . An example configuration configuration for use of an internal repository with a self-signed certificate could look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. An example configuration for the use of an internal repository with a self-signed certificate:
```

+
----
  - mountSources: true
    endpoints:
      - name: nodejs
        port: 3000
    memoryLimit: 512Mi
    type: dockerimage
    alias: nodejs
    image: quay.io/eclipse/che-nodejs10-ubi:nightly
    env:
      -name: NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS  
       value: &#39;/projects/config/tls.crt&#39;
     - name: NPM_CONFIG_REGISTRY  
       value: &#39;https://snexus-airgap.apps.acme.com/repository/npm-proxy/&#39;
----

> .Additional resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// .Additional resources
```

>  * link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * link:
```

>  * link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * link:
```
